# my discord account disabled

at 2 am i was on discord from my phone as usual, when all of the sudden i get kicked out of my account. first i thought someone got in and logged me out on my phone, then when i tried logging in again, discord said that my account is disabled. about 10 seconds in i get a gmail push notification, saying my account is disabled. the only logical thing i thought of was to log into my alt and scream about it to everyone.

## reason

discord, in their email, have stated that the reason my account was disabled is that i myself stated that i am under 13 years old. this is complete nonsense, everyone who knows me knows that im 18.

## h o w

just about a month ago i watched a no text to speech youtube video on people getting their accounts falsely disabled. ntts explained the trick of how to trick the trust and safety team into believing that the person they want to get into trouble is underage. it involves either:
1. send a yes/no question. make the person say yes, wait until they no longer see the message (went offline, continue talking until the message is too far up, etc), edit the message to ask something like "are you underage?". now just give the message link to the trust and safety team and wait for their response.
2. send a question that involves an answer with a number that is smaller than 13. do the same thing so that they wont see the original question. edit the question to "how old are you?". same thing - trust and safety team.

## how to avoid this yourself

if ur feeling paranoid while being around a certain community, just respond to questions with a response that includes the part of the question, i.e. `"whats 10+2?" "12, 10+2=12"` or `"are you going to sleep rn?" "yes im going to sleep rn"`

stay safe
